Explain how to switch between eval and prod architecture with the PCA (#346)
MicroEJ/docs: PlatformDeveloperGuide/platformCreation.rst

          </dependency>
      
      </dependencies>

>   .. note:: The Platform Configuration Additions use the variable ``com.microej.platformbuilder.architecture.usage`` to select the architecture ``USAGE``.  Edit the file ``module.properties`` to set the property to ``prod`` to use a production Architecture and to ``eval`` to use an evaluation Architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. note:: The Platform Configuration Additions allow to select the architecture ``USAGE`` using the option ``com.microej.platformbuilder.architecture.usage``.  Edit the file ``module.properties`` to set the property to ``prod`` to use a Production Architecture and to ``eval`` to use an Evaluation Architecture.
```
```suggestion
  .. note:: The Platform Configuration Additions use the variable ``com.microej.platformbuilder.architecture.usage`` to select the architecture ``USAGE``.  Edit the file ``module.properties`` to set the property to ``prod`` to use a production Architecture and to ``eval`` to use an evaluation Architecture.
```
